post v3 release docs (#923)
localstack/docs: content/en/getting-started/auth-token.md

The Auth Token remains unchanged unless manually rotated by the user, regardless of any license assignment changes. You can locate your Auth Token on the [Getting Started page](https://app.localstack.cloud/getting-started) or the [Auth Token page](https://app.localstack.cloud/workspace/auth-token) in the LocalStack Web Application.

{{< alert title="Important" color="danger" >}}
-   Previously, API keys were required to activate the LocalStack core cloud emulator. These API keys are now being replaced by Auth Tokens.
-   Currently, LocalStack supports both API Keys and Auth Tokens. However, API Keys will be discontinued in the upcoming major release of LocalStack.
-   To update your LocalStack configuration, replace your API Key with an Auth Token. Use the `LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable in place of `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY`.
{{< /alert >}}

## Managing your License

To begin using LocalStack, a license is required. If you don't already have a license, you can opt for a free 14-day trial by [signing up here](https://localstack.cloud/pricing/), with no credit card required. This trial allows full access to all LocalStack features.

> For license management, assign licenses to users via the [Users & Licenses page](https://app.localstack.cloud/workspace/members). To view your own assigned license, visit the [My License page](https://app.localstack.cloud/workspace/my-license).

Author: This would be a suggestion for @lukqw / @webdev51

{{< alert title="Important" color="danger" >}}

> -   It's crucial to keep your Auth Token confidential. Do not include it in source code management systems, such as Git repositories.

Reviewer: note to self - we should get auth tokens included into GH Secrets scanning soon.. 👍

## Checking license activation

The simplest method to verify if LocalStack is active is by querying the health endpoint for a list of running services:

{{< command >}}
$ curl localhost:4566/_localstack/health | jq
{{< / command >}}

If you see a Pro-only service, like [XRay](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/xray), listed as running, it indicates that LocalStack has started successfully. Another way to confirm this is by checking the logs of the LocalStack container for a message indicating successful license activation:

{{< command >}}
[...] Successfully activated license
{{< / command >}}

Otherwise, check our collected most [common activation issues](#common-activation-issues).

## Rotating the Auth Token

Your personal Auth Token provides full access to your workspace and LocalStack license. It's important to treat auth tokens as confidential, avoiding sharing or storing them in source control management systems (SCMs) like Git.

> If you believe your Auht Token has been compromised or becomes known to someone else, reset it without delay. When you reset a token, the old one is immediately deactivated, losing its ability to access your license or workspace. It's not possible to restore previous tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe your Auth Token has been compromised or becomes known to someone else, reset it without delay. When you reset a token, the old one is immediately deactivated, losing its ability to access your license or workspace. It is not possible to restore previous tokens.
```
